[Docs] network-fabric page fix (#2640)
liqotech/liqo: docs/features/network-fabric.md

## Network manager

The **controller-manager** (not shown in the figure) contains the **control plane** of the Liqo network fabric.

> It runs as a pod (**liqo-ipam**) and is responsible for **setting up the network CRDs** during the connection process to a remote cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It runs as a pod (**liqo-controller-manager**) and is responsible for **setting up the network CRDs** during the connection process to a remote cluster.
```

This includes the management of potential **network conflicts** through the definition of high-level NAT rules (enforced by the data plane components).
Specifically, network CRDs are used to handle the [Translation of Pod IPs] (usageReflectionPods) (i.e. during the synchronisation process from the remote to the local cluster), as well as during the [EndpointSlices reflection] (usageReflectionEndpointSlices) (i.e. propagation from the local to the remote cluster).

An **IP Address Management (IPAM) plugin** is included in another pod (**liqo-ipam**).
It exposes an interface that is consumed by the **controller-manager** to handle **IPs acquisitions**.

## Cross-cluster VPN tunnels

The interconnection between peered clusters is implemented through **secure VPN tunnels**, made with [WireGuard](https://www.wireguard.com/), which are dynamically established at the end of the peering process, based on the negotiated parameters.

Tunnels are set up by **Liqo Gateways**, components of the network fabric that run as pods. Consider that each remote cluster has its own **Liqo Gateway** pod on each side of the tunnel.

> It also populates the **routing table** accordingly, and configures the **NAT rules** required to deal with address conflicts, using *nftables*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also populates the **routing table** accordingly with the Liqo CRs, and configures the **NAT rules** required to deal with address conflicts, using *nftables*.
```
